Requirements of the project
    What does code need to have working in order for me to consider this done?

Layout/Design of the project
    How do i plan on completing the task required?

Project: Recipe Managemet

User Story: 
     As a user, I would like to be able to keep track of all of my recipes.

     I would like to be able to add new recipes and update old ones. 
     I would like to be able to search for the recipe i want by name, possibly
     by category. 
     I would like to keep track of a few things like: name, ingredients, steps, number servings
     and recipe feedback.
     I would like to be able to increase or decrease the recipe by the amount of people.

        [x] Step 1. Combine dry ingredients in a bowl
        [ ] Step 2. Beat eggs until fluffy

     Bonus: I would like to keep track of my current steps while doing the recipe.
     In the future, i would like to be able to add pictures or video for the recipe.

Requirements:
    1. Frontend (UI) User Interface - 
        a. Menu
            1. Need to be able to add a new recipe with the following:
                a. recipe name, ingredients, steps, servings, categories, feedback
            2. Need to be able edit/update an existing recipe
            3. Be able to see all recipes
            4. Be able to delete a recipe
            5. Be able to search for a recipe by name or category
            6. Make this recipe item that lets us scale the recipe up/down
        c. When adding ingredients or steps, i would like to see all previous items as well

    2. Backend
        a. See a save notice when after adding a recipe
        b. Save the data
        c. Make sure the data is loaded when the program start

Layout/Design
    1. Frontend
        a. Need to create a menu, should stay in a loop
            1. Add New Recipe
            2. Modify Existing Recipe
            3. Delete a Recipe
            4. List all recipes
            5. Start making a recipe
            6. Exit program
            Pick an option or search your recipes:

            
                Show search results
                Give option to Start making recipe or enter to return to main menu

    2. Backend
        a. Need a Recipe Class
            1. name - string
            2. ingredients - Ingredient Class
            3. steps - dictionary { 1 : "Mix dry ingredients", 2 : "beat eggs until fluffy" }
            4. servings - int
            5. categories - list ['chinese', 'rice', 'oriental']
            6. notes - string 
        b. Ingredient Class
            1. Name - Cinnamon
            2. Quantity - 1
            3. Measurement - Tablespoon, Cup, Teaspoon, pinch, bag, can
        c. Saving as json object storage
        d. Recipes will exist in their own files
            1. french_toast.json
            2. spanishrice.json
        e. Create an search index file/class to house the name and the keywords
            1. French Toast,Toast:French:Eggs:Breakfast,french_toast
            2. Spanish Rice,Spanish:Mexican:Rice:Sides,spanishrice
        
    3. Notes
        what do we do about duplicate recipe names, maybe add some kind of suffix
        how should we handle the math for decimals, maybe a simple decimal converter
        validation might break if something isnt right, maybe wrap in a try catch
        
Bugs:
    FIXED 1. Fix id's so they are permanent based on location in the search index file
    2. Create a function to rebuild the search index
    FIXED 3. Files were saving in a non json format
    4. If they put the wrong recipe id, just let them know and return to the menu